Improve optional chaining intro (#23062)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/operators/optional_chaining/index.md

{{JSSidebar("Operators")}}

> The **optional chaining (`?.`)** operator accesses an object's property or calls a function. If the object call is {{jsxref("undefined")}} or [`null`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/null) or if the function called doesn't exist, it returns {{jsxref("undefined")}} instead of throwing an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **optional chaining (`?.`)** operator accesses an object's property or calls a function. If the object accessed or function called is {{jsxref("undefined")}} or [`null`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/null), it returns {{jsxref("undefined")}} instead of throwing an error.
```
